hi this is mara welcome to medulla
recipe.com developing on your death
today we are going to make grow these
chapati or fold I have arrested people
complaining that their octaves are very
soft and they are fresh and it start to
become very hard and chewy as the time
code today I am going to show you how to
prepare extra soft rotates in higher
structures where will be prepared Alaric
Rufus today we will see how to prepare
this layer of this in two different ways
so let's get started
we will begin with reading - a potato
for this we need whole week's loss try
to use good quality hold it slow take
this into a Depot like this
next we'll add some oil about two
teaspoons
and add some salt
just to test
first mix all the ingredients together
mix it by hand just like that
once we mix all dry ingredients now
let's add some bomb water into it make
sure you use lukewarm water add water
keep on adding small amount of water
time
this show potato is ready you can see
its consistency this is a very soft oh
but this is not too thin dough this is
not sticking to hand when we press it
and this is not too stiff as well we are
easily able to press it this is how we
want to knead this chapati dough now
just cover this otherwise not in the
plastics in linkage and give this dough
for about 30 minutes I have seen of the
people they need that all and
immediately they start to over of this
but make sure you keep this dough for at
least 15 minutes before you start to
roll the rotis this is the most most
important fact and making roti this
capacitor is been resting for 30 minutes
now we will start to roll the rupees for
this year Collette is heating up on
medium to high heat now take this
and thanks Josephine spoon off our
agenda for multi our hands
and again leave this talk just for about
a minute just to make it soft
once your nail so one more time now take
a small ball from this taupe like a golf
ball size like that
first we will make single loyalty for
this give this ball into a cloth coat
this belt with wrapper
I'm using a whole wheat flour and start
rolling this dough will not need to roll
this into oval shape like that throw
this into a bunch of shape like this now
apply some oil over it just three to
four drops like this
and sprinkle some dry flour wait
just like that
now press this in between just like that
and
now close this 2-part to say that
again beep this inter jävla and start
rolling the roti like regular chapati so
this like that
this roti is ready now to go on the
skillet rice the pressure of the scale
is also most important thing by roasting
rupees if the temperature is too high
the locals will get spun and if it is to
York then the rotis will become very hot
and it will take time to get through I
always prefer to roasting on a medium to
high heat this skillet is hot enough now
I am adding this coating as soon as you
see a small bubbles appearing on the
open surface of roti just lifting just
like that you can see nice golden spots
on the other side of coffee
apply some oil you may also make use of
key
script
I can apply some oil from this side
aspect and see it looks very sloppy
toasted from other side
this single layer roti is ready country
very soft and fluffy
it will restore hot rupees in the pot
there are chances that moisture gate
attack is the spot immediately due to
heat from the roti and this rope is
become just over that make sure
you place some paper towel or paper
napkin like this below this you may also
make use of Cisco now we are going to
make 2 layers roofing for this again
take small ball milling piece and roll
this like fully just fit this into draft
flow and go it like to it
Oh
once you roll this like booty apply some
oil over it just a native expertise
apply some draft law like that
and make one fork like this
I can apply some oil
spread it
I can apply some crap over it and just
close it
now dip this into gas law
and start rolling like regular roti this
is not into triangular shape we are
going to make it into a circular shape
around
I have rolled these rotis make sure you
roll this roti evenly from all the sides
it should not be stick around its edges
and you don't use lots of grass floor
while rolling roti if you use lots of
gravel road emit an heart now we need to
roast it actual tea
now in the same way roast this rotate as
well you can see bubble started to occur
to flip this bow can see a nice golden
dot just started to flutter also
perfect
I bless them all Archy
it's perfect just like that
process nicely from both the side
perfect
this two-layer roti is ready
make sure its edges are also get roasted
it should not be wrong so this to last
roti is ready you can see it looks so
nice and fluffy now it's very soft
this rope is already now the only
difference between this to roti is a
single leg repiy it quite easy to help
slipper as compared to two layers roti
they're both taste equally good now
let's see how they look
here is my two layers roti you can say
this is very very soft and once we break
this we can see literally see less out
there can see
this wrote is very very soft and this is
double single arrow tea soy and when we
break this roti we can see two less or
tear just like that literally we can
break this rotates into to pass a let
produce take very soft wear longer time
it takes off for three to four days if
you are eating fresh you can eat just
like that if you are having this on the
second day just microwave for 15 seconds
and the soft like cotton thanks watching
my video
see you